Split Test from RegressionManager and Scheduler (#4514)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/4514.bugfix.rst

> Fix killing of scheduled writes at test end.

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed bug where scheduled writes at the end of a test are cancelled.
```
